select * from (SELECT 
  d1.codigo, 
  d1.tipo, 
  d1.clase, 
  d1.cat, 
  d1.nombre, 
  d1.municipio, 
  d1.corriente, 
  d1.departamento, 
  d1.altitud, 
  d1.cod_dep, 
  d1.cod_muni, 
  d1.longitud, 
  d1.latitud, 
  d1.estado, 
  d1.geom, 
  d1.anio,
d1.evot_enero as d1,
d1.evot_febrero as d2,
d1.evot_marzo as d3,
d1.evot_abril as d4,
d1.evot_mayo as d5,
d1.evot_junio as d6,
d1.evot_julio as d7,
d1.evot_agosto as d8,
d1.evot_septiembre as d9,
d1.evot_octubre as d10,
d1.evot_noviembre as d11,
d1.evot_diciembre as d12,
d2.evot_enero as d13,
d2.evot_febrero as d14,
d2.evot_marzo as d15,
d2.evot_abril as d16,
d2.evot_mayo as d17,
d2.evot_junio as d18,
d2.evot_julio as d19,
d2.evot_agosto as d20,
d2.evot_septiembre as d21,
d2.evot_octubre as d22,
d2.evot_noviembre as d23,
d2.evot_diciembre as d24,
d3.evot_enero as d25,
d3.evot_febrero as d26,
d3.evot_marzo as d27,
d3.evot_abril as d28,
d3.evot_mayo as d29,
d3.evot_junio as d30,
d3.evot_julio as d31,
d3.evot_agosto as d32,
d3.evot_septiembre as d33,
d3.evot_octubre as d34,
d3.evot_noviembre as d35,
d3.evot_diciembre as d36


FROM 
  public.tmp_dec_pm d1, 
  public.tmp_dec_pm d2, 
  public.tmp_dec_pm d3
WHERE 
  d1.codigo = d2.codigo AND
  d2.codigo = d3.codigo AND
  d1.decada = 1 AND 
  d2.decada = 2 AND 
  d3.decada = 3 AND
  d1.anio = d2.anio AND
  d2.anio = d3.anio ) as mi

where  d1 is not Null or 
d2 is not Null or 
d3 is not Null or 
d4 is not Null or 
d5 is not Null or 
d6 is not Null or 
d7 is not Null or 
d8 is not Null or 
d9 is not Null or 
d10 is not Null or 
d11 is not Null or 
d12 is not Null or 
d13 is not Null or 
d14 is not Null or 
d15 is not Null or 
d16 is not Null or 
d17 is not Null or 
d18 is not Null or 
d19 is not Null or 
d20 is not Null or 
d21 is not Null or 
d22 is not Null or 
d23 is not Null or 
d24 is not Null or 
d25 is not Null or 
d26 is not Null or 
d27 is not Null or 
d28 is not Null or 
d29 is not Null or 
d30 is not Null or 
d31 is not Null or 
d32 is not Null or 
d33 is not Null or 
d34 is not Null or 
d35 is not Null or 
d36 is not Null
